So we've talked a lot about all the modules and how do you upstarts.
Let's go back to the EP on HBO fall which is responsible for displaying what we see and as I mentioned
we have these curly braces here.
That is how we can output dynamic content.
It's called Stringer Appalachian because it just renders text a string to the dawn.
That being said you could also outpoured something like a one here which is not a string because it
can be cost to a string you can be converted to a string which is why we now see one here.
But let's stick to the app we created in the view chair.
And we actually as part two there we started by having a name property and Deadwood be max or your name
of course.
Now in view chase we had it in this data object in reaction.
Yes.
We first started storing this in a variable and then in a state in angler we simply work with these
component classes and store the data we work with as properties of these classes.
So here name now we can go back to the template change just to name because that's the name of the property
we stored.
And if we save this we now see Max here as a heading so we could of course all that changed is to a
paragraph to have a normal paragraph element which displays Max.
This is how we can work with that application.
Is how we can output data with string tribulation.
There is another way of putting data though and it will come back to this way.